;Template for inserting cap. ships to factions
;_AF = Anti-Fighter Loadout

;Liberty
npc_ship = Liberty_Cruiser
npc_ship = Liberty_Cruiser_AF
npc_ship = Liberty_Battleship
npc_ship = Liberty_Battleship_AF

;Bretonia
npc_ship = Bretonia_Gunboat
npc_ship = Bretonia_Gunboat_AF
npc_ship = Bretonia_Destroyer
npc_ship = Bretonia_Destroyer_AF
npc_ship = Bretonia_Battleship
npc_ship = Bretonia_Battleship_AF

;Kusari
npc_ship = Kusari_Gunboat
npc_ship = Kusari_Gunboat_AF
npc_ship = Kusari_Destroyer
npc_ship = Kusari_Destroyer_AF
npc_ship = Kusari_Battleship
npc_ship = Kusari_Battleship_AF

;Rheinland
npc_ship = Rheinland_Gunboat
npc_ship = Rheinland_Gunboat_AF
npc_ship = Rheinland_Cruiser
npc_ship = Rheinland_Cruiser_AF
npc_ship = Rheinland_Battleship
npc_ship = Rheinland_Battleship_AF

;Nomad
npc_ship = Nomad_Gunboat
npc_ship = Nomad_Battleship

;Miner
npc_ship = Asteroid_Miner

;Prison / Luxury Liners
npc_ship = Prison_Liner
npc_ship = Prison_Liner_Br
npc_ship = Prison_Liner_Ku
npc_ship = Prison_Liner_Rh
npc_ship = Luxury_Liner
